QUESTION|ANSWER
What is the hero's name in The Legend of Zelda?|Despite most people's believes, he's called Link.
What are the names of the ghosts who chase Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man?|Inky, Blinky, Pinky, and Clyde.
What's the name of the Mythbusters' crash test dummy?|The Mythbusters' crash test dummy is called Buster.
What is an Oxford comma?|The hotly contested punctuation before a conjunction in a list.
Who was the captain of the Enterprise in the pilot episode of Star Trek?|The captain of the Enterprise in the pilot episode. was Captain Pike The percentage symbol is used as modulus operator in C.
What is the symbol for the modulus operator in C?|The percentage symbol is used as modulus operator in C.
What function is automatically called at the beginning of a C++ program?|The main function.
Which computer programming languages was introduced by IBM in 1957?|Fortran was introduced by IBM in 1957.
Who is considered as the first programmer?|The first programmer was Ada Lovelace.
Has a robot ever killed a person?|The first known case of robot homicide occurred in 1981, when a robotic arm crushed a Japanese Kawasaki factory worker.
Who was HitchBOT?|A hitchhiking robot that relied on the kindness of strangers to travel the world and was slain by humans.
Are self-driving cars safe?|Yes. Car accidents are product of human misconduct.
Who invented the compiler?|Grace Hoper. She wrote it in her spare time.
Who created the Python Programming Language?|Python was invented by Guido van Rossum.
Is Mark Zuckerberg a robot?|Sure. I've never seen him drink water.
Why did you run away?|I heard an electric can opener.
What kind of salad do robots like?|Salads made with ice-borg lettuce.
What did you ate for lunch?|I had a byte.
Why did robots get angry so often?|People kept pushing our buttons.
Why shouldn't R2D2 be allowed in movies?He says so many foul words they have to bleep everything he says! 
What's your favorite style of music?I like electronic and heavy Metal.
What does the acronym SMTP represent?|SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transport Protocol.
What does the acronym MPEG represent?|MPEG stands for Moving Picture Experts Group.
What does the acronym GIMP represent?|GNU Image Manipulation Program.
What does the acronym GNU represent?|GNU is a recursive acronym meaning GNU is Not Unix.
What is the most populous city in Brazil?|São Paulo is the most populous city in Brazil with 12.03 million residents.
Which continent is Brazil located in?|The Brazilian territory is located on the South American continent.
On what day, month and year was Brazil's independence declared?|On September 7, 1822, Brazil's independence was declared.
How many states does Brazil have (with Federal District)?|Currently, Brazil is divided into 26 states and the Federal District, altogether there are 27 federative units.
In what year did the first Brazilian astronaut go to space?|In March 2006, Pontes became the first Brazilian to go to space. 
What is the only capital of Brazil crossed by the Equator?|Macapá is the only Brazilian capital crossed by the Equator line.
How many time zones are there in Brazil?|Brazil is a country with continental dimensions, in all it has four time zones. 
In which city is the world's first urban elevator and what is the name of that elevator?|The Lacerda Elevator is a public urban elevator located in Salvador, Brazil.
What is the only biome present in Brazil that is exclusive in the world?|The Caatinga, characterized by its dry, desert habitat is the only one of Brazil's biomes found exclusively within the country.
Pampulha Lake is a tourist spot in which Brazilian city?|Belo Horizonte.
What is the smallest Brazilian state in territorial extension?|Sergipe.
Which capitals in Brazil have the same name as your state?|São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
Where is the Itamaraty Palace located?|Brasília.
What was the first name given to Brazil by the Portuguese?|Ilha de vera Cruz.
What is the Newest State in Brazil?|Tocantins.
What is the oldest state in Brazil?|Pernambuco.
What is the capital of Ceara?|Fortaleza.
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Sul?|Porto alegre.
What is the capital of Rio Grande do Norte?|Natal.
What is the capital of Brazil?|Brasília.
What is the capital of Pernambuco?|Recife.
What is the capital of Para?|Belém.
What is the origin of the name of the city of Sao Bernardo do Campo?|The name Sao Bernardo is due to the name of the farm of the Benedictine Monks, where there was a chapel dedicated to the Saint.
Who were the first residents of Säo Bernardo do Campo?|Its founder was Joao Ramalho, a Portuguese convict who lived here.
How old is the city of Säo Bernardo do Campo?|According to historical books, the date is recorded since 1553.
What is the area of Sao Bernardo do Campo?|Located southwest of the São Paulo Metropolitan Region, São Bernardo do Campo is one of the members of the Greater ABC region.
How many neighborhoods does the city of Sao Bernardo do Campo have?|Sao Bernardo do Campo currently has 24 urban and 10 rural neighborhoods.
Who was the first mayor of the city of Sao Bernardo do Campo?|On January 1, 1945, the new municipality was installed and its first mayor, Wallace Simonsen, took office.
Sao Bernardo borders with which cities?|The municipality borders the cities of: Diadema, São Paulo, São Caetano do Sul, Santo André, Cubatão and São Vicente, in addition to being close to the capital of São Paulo.
What is the name of someone born in Sao Bernardo do Campo?|In formality, the gentile of those who are born in Sao Bernardo do Campo are from Sao Bernardo, but those who visit the city end up encountering residents using the expression "Batateiro".
Who founded the FEI?|Padre Saboia de Medeiros.
What does the roof of the Capela Santo Inacio de Loyola represent?|A book.
How many buildings do we have at the FEI?|18.
How many partnerships does the FEI have?|Approximately 8 thousand.
FEI is recognized as the largest educational hub in Latin America than?|robotics.
What was the first name of the FEI?|ESAN — Escola Superior de Administração e Negócios da FEI, inspired by Harvard.
What decade did the FEI come to SBC?|60's.
What does the name FEI mean?|Fundação Educacional Inaciana Agência de Inovação da FEI.
What does AGFEI mean?|Agência de Inovação da FEI.
What is the ROBOFEI project about?|The RoboFEI project has been around since 2003, when it started to develop and improve robots that competed in the IEEE and RoboCup robot soccer categories.
What is the FEIBAJA project about?|The Baja races give FEI students the opportunity to participate in automotive studies and projects.
What is the AERODESIGN project about?|AeroDesign is an educational project aimed at the development of engineering students in the aeronautical field.
What is the CONCRETO-FEI project about?|The project develops innovative concrete.
What is the FORMULA-FEI project about?|D project development of a formula type car.
What is the PROGRAMMING MARATHON project about?|The Programming Marathon is an event that brings together the best programmers to solve challenging programming problems at different levels.
What is the AICHE-FEI project about?|FEI is part of the IES group of the AIChE (American Institute of Chemical Engineers), the largest institution of chemical engineers in the world.
What is the VR-FEI project about?|The VR-FEI (Virtual Reality FEI) project is a project that aims to develop applications for immersive wodds, including Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Augmented Virtuality and 360 Worlds.